alright so welcome back to the noise
screen gasps I'm on a video and today
I'm going to show you compile animals
upgrade from windows 8.1 going to
Windows 10 and we are going to force
download it but Rama update to Windows
10 so maybe you all heard the news now
it's the official announcement today of
the windows 10 and they are officially
rolling it out worldwide and in case now
you define our data signal update so
this video is very helpful to you all
right so let me first get started with d
upgrade so as you can see Meryl
notification now hey I can have a
reservation for free for the upgrade so
okay you gotta find me when ready so
that's it so you just have to leave para
a download but then bed neshama download
but some of course hindi ba not really
this for some users because the guru or
the servers and again this is worldwide
so much more Emile users para my subway
sub by a panel dunno but then you can
force it Panama kabayan so you will have
this notification on your taskbar on the
lower right corner and that is the
Windows 10 great what we are going to do
is you need to go to the control panel
so to go to the control control panel
you need to press window X or long west
or if you're running on Windows 8 or 8.1
or just right click here and then
control panel or by piping control panel
there ok so now you need to go here so
categories or icons and clicking on your
Windows Update you will check for the
upgrade and right now in the second a
shower and still I don't have that
windows 10 upgrade so very frustrating
and here on the change settings you need
to install the update recommend or even
click this one and okay that and go back
again to the windows and it will check
for the upgrade now you need to go to
the local disk c and n windows and then
software distribution and then download
so now you will see this files so Romero
Mount Ebal question
ashita you all you need to do is steal
it all that and continue so what's I did
it you know jaan all you need to do is
go to the command prompt pressing the
window key on your keyboard then type
CMD and then right click and run as
administrator pas de bug in system32 I
mean your command prompt and now what we
are going to do is we need to face this
command need to copy this its wua you
see LT that access / update now and now
when I press the enter on your windows
update it will now show Windows 10 is
download and getting setup files and you
just have to wait for a bit and it will
download the full file for the upgrade
and that's basically how to do it and
the file is and quite large it's around
three gigs and you need to have a stable
connection in a fast internet
productivity para la madolla teen to
take a bite so just have to be patient
for Ramadan you join and basically once
you have upgraded you can now set this
up and operate your current system to
the Windows 10 for free and basically
that's how is it is to do it all right
so let me know in the comment section
down below if this video helps you and
don't forget to Like share and subscribe
my channel and if you have further
questions feedback or suggestions feel
free to put it in the comment section
down below and by the way this tutorial
is applicable to other tablets or
convertible if you have to chat about
alpha play for more alpha shift and even
more of a bomb on our windows tablet
this is all applicable to you so you can
have it for free and i have here also
the Opus convertible I'm also creating
it and I might have a separate tutorial
also on how to do it far along some of
the stone market acompane mocha pizza
oprah's convertible but there you go
once again i'ma be no goodnight
screencast app and see you on my next
video
Oh